{ 
	"origin": [
	"Why does Trump hates women? I mean he has tits himself! XD﻿",
	"If trump will be president i will eat an World hottest chili﻿",
	"I hate trump he lies and hes ugly and also i was playing moviestarplanet and they said the corn had a better haircut then trump and that is real true﻿",
	"I hate trump he is racist and he hates maxco﻿",
	"Turns out there is not enough white racists in USA to get Trump elected. Apocalypse postponed",
	"his hair is a crime﻿",
	"Donald Trump is Joffery Baratheon in real life",
	"Trumps hair is a corn farm﻿",
	"what an horrible and psycho guy! RIP America! You can't go more down!﻿",
	"Donald trump is an rasist and fucking dumb﻿",
	"freaking hate that freaking jerk man﻿",
	"I could feel his spit on me through the screen﻿",
	"If trump had his hands tied behind his back could he still talk?﻿",
	"What an utter clown. Arrogant and stupid - I wouldn't trust him to wash my car properly.﻿",
	"So glad I live in Canada. This dudes a fucking muppet﻿",
	"orange face racist BITCH!﻿",
	"He is a real life Biff from Back to the Future﻿",
	"I would like Trump, if he wasn't such an stupid asshole.﻿",
	"billionaire but poor in his head﻿",
	"I wouldn't even trust this ginger skid mark to make my coffee",
	"Trump looks like an orange panda bear.",
	"Trump IS amazing! He's made me facepalm 25 times in a row!﻿",
	"A quadruple amputee isn't nearly as stumped as drumpf",
	"I can feel my brain cells dying when I hear him speak",
	"Trump is orange and he's annoying.........he's like the annoying orange﻿",
	"i swear, if he wins, somones gonna assasinate him",
	"people actually take this dude seriously??",
	"Wonder how long he'll be president until he gets impeached.?",
	"Well....America had a good run, its gonna be sad to see her die :/?",
	"yeah, let's give this maniac the nuclear codes",
	"Either he is a liar or he's a demon. In either case he ought not to be trusted.",
	"Trump is a fucking retard.",			
	"I’m gonna vote for Trump because I have never seen a president get assassinated.",
	"If Trump becomes president I guess we can all look forward to getting E. Coli.",
	"I think he'll build a wall and make the bacteria pay for it.",
	"wow and my friend thinks he's cool ?????? dumb bitch if he gets elected were gonna die from poisoning",
	"Donald Trump is a daily reminder that this country is full of complete and utter morons.",
	"Interviewer: let me ask you about China Trump: //triggered//",
	"Trump supporters will just dismiss this as Satanic Illuminati propaganda",
	"Glad to hear that Trump supporters are now getting much needed psychological assessments LOL",
	"Anyone voting for Trump needs an evaluation.",
	"’Be sure to get out and vote for Mr. Trump’… Yes... and that man is also getting his psychological evaluation...",
	"I bet $5 that he will be assassinated within a month of presidency",
	"If Trump becomes president America is fucked.",
	"He says he’s the true candidate for the LGBTQ community. I bet he doesn’t even know what LGBTQ stands for…",
	"He’s the human embodiment of a pile of dog poop on a hot summer day",
	"If i had a dollar for every time he lied i could buy trump tower",
	"How can one man be so dumb",
	"I think his brain is just full of hairspray",
	"I’m Canadian and I’m disgusted I even have to share the same continent as him.",
	"I’d give him $1 million dollars if he could even point out Syria on a map",
	"If a redneck racist had sex with an orange and a corn husk, the end result would be trump",
	"I wouldn’t shake donald trump’s hand even if he offered me $100,000",
	"I’d rather listen to Taylor Swift on repeat than ever hear trump’s voice again",
	"i hate him more than i hate a crying baby on a 12 hour flight",
	"send him back to hell- i’m sure satan misses his best friend",
	"this is why therapist's need to stop telling delusion people to get a hobby because they might end up running for president",
	"if he wins i’m going to join NASA, go into space, jump out of the spaceship, and just float in space for the rest of my life. it beats living on earth with President Trump...",
	"Worlds best comedian. He's not running for president he's running as a joke﻿",
	"Trump is doing the Eminem model. In order to get respect in the game as an outsider you gotta be bat shit crazy and insult everybody﻿",
	"I'm gonna laugh when he is elected. Our allies will finally recognize us as the dumbasses we claim we are not.﻿",
	"Do these people even think before they speak or just say the first piece of crap they can think of? Do they even think at all?﻿",
	"This is honestly just more proof that Trump supporters don't know what the fuck they are doing.﻿",
	"I could watch a 2 hour comedy bit completely comprised of Trump supporter's theories and speculations, featuring Jordan Klepper﻿",
	"The US is fff**********cked!﻿"]
}

 